README.md, before:

# CASA-TypeScript
CASA project with TypeScript

## How to Run
Pull the repo, call `npm i` and then `npm start`. In your browser open `localhost:3000/start`.

# Breakdown
## tsconfig
```
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "module": "commonjs",
    "outDir": "./dist",
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "target": "es6",
    "resolveJsonModule": true,
  },
  "include": [
    "app"
  ],
  "exclude": ["node_modules", "**/*.spec.ts"]
}
```
`target`: node uses `commonjs`
`outDir`: output directory, doesn't matter what it's called as long as its consistent in the gulpfile
`esModuleInterop`: allows importing CJS modules into ESM project 
`target`: output language level (ECMAScript 6)
`resolveJsonModule`: allows importing json files 

We don't need to set `typeRoots` because `node_modules/@types` is included by default.

## gulpfile 
CASA projects typically use gulp to group everything together - it's especially useful because we need to grab some things from multiple places (like CSS, images and fonts from the `@dwp/govuk-casa` dependency) 

## Pitfalls
Some pitfalls I fell in to avoid: 
 1. Relative imports: TypeScript gets compiled to JavaScript in the `outDir` location, so using relative imports may cause confusion because the code that gets execute will have a different path
 2. CASA loves `object` type: sometimes digging through the code to figure out the structure of the object is the only solution
 3. `main` and `journey` templates: they exist in `node_modules/@dwp/govuk-casa/views/casa/layouts` directory, while the `template.njk` that they extends lives in `node_modules/govuk-frontend/govuk/template.njk`, it's useful to know this if you're going to modify any behaviour

Commit message:

docs(readme): describe the project

README.md, after:

# CASA-TypeScript
CASA project with TypeScript

## How to Run
Pull the repo, call `npm i` and then `npm start`. In your browser open `localhost:3000/start`.

There are 2 identical journeys, `authenticated` and `unauthenticated`. Navigating to either one will generate a session and log the session id to the terminal. 

To delete the session, do a GET request to `/destroy?sid=${sessionId}&store=${authenticated/unauthenticated}`
To navigate the user to the `You've been logged out` screen, do a GET request to `/message?message=logout`

TODO: further work is needed to redirect a specific user - right now it logs out and redirects all users.

## How it Works 
Destroying a session calls the `sessionStore.destroy` method, which accepts a session id. 

Navigating a user to the `You've been logged out` screen is done with [Server-Side-Events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events).

## Things to Consider
Server-Side-Events have certain limitations, like the number of connections limited to 6 per browser when not using HTTP 2. 

This approach is stateful - array of `Client`s is stored in memory (`server.ts` line 40). It can be persisted in a database, but that would have its own implications - more things to store, higher usage costs and potentially reduction in responsiveness.
